Edited at https://subtitletools.com
If everyone is not special,
Maybe you can be what you want to be.
Everyone will surely find their own answer.
1%, 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8%, 9%, 10%...
11%, 12%, 13%, 14%, 15%, 16%, 17%, 18%, 19%, 20%...
21%, 22%, 23%, 24%, 25%...Longing... distress... pump up!
26%, 27%, 28%, 29%, 30%...Searching for yourself... telepathy!
31%, 32%, 33%, 34%, 35%...Asking for too much... psycho punch!
36%, 37%, 38%, 39%, 40%...Youthful days... salt splash!
Mob? Mob? What do you want?Mob? Mob? Why do you want?
Mob? Mob? Who do you want?
MOVE! MOVE! Just like Mob!
If everyone is not special, maybe you can be what you want to be.
Even if you're burdened by happiness and sadness...
Your life is your own, OK?... It's OK to not be special.
Everyone will surely find their own answer.
41%, 42%, 43%, 44%, 45%, 46%, 47%, 48%, 49%,
50%, 51%, 52%, 53%, 54%, 55%, 56%, 57%, 58%, 59%, 60%...
61%, 62%, 63%, 64%, 65%...Fake smiles... spirit laser beams!
66%, 67%, 68%, 69%, 70%...Can't read social queues... demon rush!
71%, 72%, 73%, 74%, 75%...Loss of confidence... psycho wave!
76%, 77%, 78%, 79%, 80%...Love exorcism graphic!
Mob? Mob? Where do you go?Mob? Mob? Which do you go?
Mob? Mob? How do you go?
LOVE! LOVE! Just like Mob!
If everyone is so special, maybe you can't be what you want to be.
Even if you breed falseness and contempt...
Your life is your own, OK?... Would being special make you feel OK?
Everyone will surely find their own answer.
Mob? Mob? Whatever you want?Mob? Mob? Whenever you want?
Mob? Mob? Wherever you want?
MOVE! MOVE! Just like Mob!
If you can't notice you're not alone, maybe you will find your own answer
If you're burdened by strife and hatred...
Your life is your own, OK?... its OK to run away!
If you're capable of it, it won't be a mistake.
If everyone is not special, you can be what you want to be.
Even if you're burdened by happiness and sadness...
Your life is your own, OK?... its OK to not be special.
Everyone will surely find their own answer.
81%, 82%, 83%, 84%, 85%, 86%, 87%, 88%, 89%, 90%...
91%, 92%, 93%, 94%, 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%...
99!!!